hey folks it's Jud From Evolution
Unleashed and today's very short video
I'm going to show you a really cool
trick to reverse engineering any image
in chat GPT so you can use that style to
create new images let's just dive in and
I'll show you exactly what we're talking
about so let's say folks that we have an
image so this is the image I'm working
with today okay so we found a really
cool image we love it and we're like I
want to replicate that I want to create
images like this using Dal our AI image
generator built into chat GPT plus so
what we have to do is copy the image
that you like can be any image at all
and then you come over to chat GPT and
using the little thumb ah thumb the
clipboard icon you're going to upload
your image and then we're just going to
add this prompt please analyze this
image and provide me the style mix that
would help me replicate this imagery
style in darly 3 how easy is that look
this stuff isn't complicated so we'll
hit the button and it will analyze our
beautiful
image and it's going to give us a style
mix here and then I'll show you you how
to create a new image just using this
style but with your own sort of look and
feel if you like
okay so here is our style
mix okay so we'll copy the style mix it
gave
us and we'll say to cat
gbt uh
please create me an image of the let's
say the White House
let's capitalize it so it knows we're
talking about the White House using
this dial mix paste
that and let's see how close we get to
the original now you could also if you
wanted while it's doing that you could
just copy all of this but then it's
going to be a lot more same same it's
going to copy the image we just want the
style mix so we can create imagery
that's still unique different but has
that kind of overall looking feel very
cool I love working with AI can speed up
our content generation so check that out
so now we have our original
image which is the Taj Mahal or whatever
it is or a mosque and here we have the
White House in a similar image how cool
is that and I think the style is very
similar so now we could use this style
and say you using the same
style create me an image gosh my
spelling is so
good and we might not want the wife
house we might more want um of a
lake after
sunset with a beautiful Forest I don't
know trying to be creative here let's
have a look so this is going to create a
completely different image but it's
still going to use tranquil nocturnal
atmosphere nocturnal being night and a
Serene color palette of Cool Blues and
whites and we's see what we
get so very easy to reverse engineer an
image and then replicate their style in
cat GPT using a single line prompt so
look at that so now we have it
without any building so you could do
this for any sort of setting and this is
what you can do with any image you can
just upload it let's say you've got a
real cool cartoon image on a white
background you're like how did they do
that use this it'll reverse engineer the
style mix then you can create in that
image Style
Yourself how cool is that I will drop
that prompt down in the description and
that's it I hope you found this quick
little tip for for reverse engineering
any image and replicating it style in
chat GPT sty 3 interesting if so I'd
love it if you could subscribe and aside
from that I'll see you in the next video
with more cool ways to use chat GPT to
accelerate your content creation peace